modify getting-started.md with info on webcomponents (#614)
IgniteUI/igniteui-xplat-docs: doc/en/components/general-getting-started.md

<!-- end: React -->

<!-- WebComponents -->
# {ProductName} Packages Overview

> {ProductName} is a complete set of Material-based UI widgets, components, Sketch UI kits and supporting directives for WebComponents. Designed to enable developers to build the most modern, high-performance HTML5 & JavaScript apps for modern desktop browsers, mobile experiences and progressive web apps (PWA’s) targeting the browsers web components APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ProductName} is a complete set of UI widgets, components, UI kits for design tools and supporting services for Web Components. Designed to enable developers to build the most modern, high-performance HTML5 & JavaScript apps for modern desktop browsers, mobile experiences and progressive web apps (PWA’s) targeting the browsers web components APIs.
```

<code-view style="height: 800px"
           data-demos-base-url="{environment:dvDemosBaseUrl}"
           iframe-src="{environment:dvDemosBaseUrl}/layouts/getting-started-overview"
           alt="{Platform} Overview Example"
           github-src="layouts/getting-started/overview">
</code-view>

# Configuration

## Install IgniteUI CLI

To create an application from scratch and configure it to use the Ignite UI Web Components you can use the Ignite UI CLI. The first step is to install the respective package globally as follows:

```bash
npm install -g igniteui-cli
```

If you want to get a guided experience through the available options, you can initialize the step by step mode that will help you create and setup your new application. To start the guide, simply run the `ig` command:

```bash
ig
```

Then choose Web Components as framework, select `Base` project template, add a specific component/view or select `Complete & Run`.
Additionally, you can read more about the Ignite UI CLI [here](#general-cli-overview) 

## Install Polyfills

Run this command to install the web component polyfills:

```bash
npm install @webcomponents/custom-elements
```

> Them import the web component polyfills into index.js:

Reviewer: Then

```ts
import '@webcomponents/custom-elements/custom-elements.min';
import '@webcomponents/custom-elements/src/native-shim.js';
```

## Install Ignite UI for Web Components
In order to use the Ignite UI Web Components in your application you should install the `igniteui-webcomponents` package:

```
npm install igniteui-webcomponents
```

Next you will need to import the components that you want to use in your `index.ts` file. You could import one or more components using the `defineComponents` function like this:

```ts
import { defineComponents, IgcAvatarComponent, IgcBadgeComponent } from 'igniteui-webcomponents';

defineComponents(IgcAvatarComponent, IgcBadgeComponent);
```

You could also import all of the components using the `defineAllComponents` function:

```ts
import { defineAllComponents } from 'igniteui-webcomponents';

defineAllComponents();
```

> [!Note] 
> Importing all of the components will increase the bundle size of your application. That's why we recommend you to import only the components that you are actually using.

After the components are imported you can use them in your html:

```html
<igc-avatar initials="AZ"></igc-avatar>
<igc-badge></igc-badge>
```

> This topic provides step-by-step instructions for creating Web Components applications with Ignite UI for Web Components

Reviewer: this duplicates with the same above your new content
